what happens will be put and as you see here I am
a black all good look look at what
my ass plus the yes that I already have
here in a game that is free to play
called jones in which right now
we are playing a duel by team all
it's good all against team let's see
How are we doing with the second game?
we play we are looking for the bad guys
that will be hidden there I do not know where
is
let's go there good if you want to play this
I play the truth that is very cool
graphically it looks good to make a
better play is there
we go here around here
come on let's go in the base
but remove it come cure me cure a
stole me robocop code that heals me is that
I'm saying good what was
saying if you want to play this game
free to play and so on down at the
description you have a link in which
gives you and registers you and the truth that I
you help a lot and help the channel because
if they get little things to be able to continue
growing in the channel and other good to
all this if you like also you give
like power and you really like it
we will do a live show with him and others and so
we all enjoy together because it
they can make private servers
to confirm that it comes as I am
giving confirming I do not know why it's worth I've
eaten a grenade here from the guard of
this blonde seems to confirm here thing
that I can not because I do not know the space
I 'm not going but good, nothing happens
here with my black pouch my lady of
color that later they say that I am
racist ni mate but a person of
color that nothing happens other than
racist that I am white
I am the rejection as they would say out there
I also put the mouth of the
wolf because that
I 've gotten in the mouth of the wolf uncle
That blonde has me mania I do not say anything
for the blonde that has me mania
let's go for it
let's take this one that more power than
yes yes now I go because go Paris
We are giving you beat
is dead
look at the jet that is falling out there
good what I 'm dying is or not
appeared there
in the camera and in exchange for weapons
I do not hate shit make me with an attack of
that's disgusting that they kill you like a
Special attack throw you to the ground and you
Mata Uncle is going to change weapons or hateful
You are also catching people
choosing me better weapons and things
better as you play the game has already
said that free to play and the truth that
I'm going to throw
there
there is worth one of us and this one is
there that dies and I 'll confirm the
low
well look no
but because he can not confirm the low
with him with the bar with the space
true uncle that gives me courage because no
You can confirm peace with space and
I can not kill him instantly
it would be a kick to the head
burst the access to the ground and
well then we can not do anything else anymore
and he goes to another world hey they are not
going up I do not say anything and it's not fault
mine that was left was like that not what
you have not seen it showcase or by
back for you to be confirming vale
recharge recharge has let it recharge
28-21 come, we go back again
we go back is it helped helped or helped
I help good vale
OK
dies dies dies hears gives me courage
provides because I can not confirm the low
of one leg on the ground and that would be what
better bust this guy's head
explosions out there are heard
I will heal here cure me there is a little
so look if the bridge is there
change of weapons is to remove
and just as he threw it
here
low test to confirm me here is the
confirm your hours and now the
country or we will help you we are going to
help them like throwing grenades in there not the
pull more the strip very bad but good
Come on, what a beating they ordered, come not
we have seen we have not seen change of
weapons
and now we come here to heal
recharge
and not the ones who hid the shots
take today I exist I'm giving by from now
the blood on others llosa
I do not have bullets I do not have bullets
the recharge of this can recharge
let say
no no not found can not do anything
It is killing me to the mouth when a
little screen in the mouth
well what I said if you want to help me
to me and you want to play this game
I go to the link you have in the description
and you can register today to download and
we play and I tell you if this video by
example reaches 2000 you have to be a
easy thing as we mark a direct
One night, on Youtube it could be that
I'll say it and play another game and
all all together come now that
I threw high to the ground
recharge recharge me back here I
I'm going back
the aunt is the blonde well fine well
blonde fuck I'm not going into space
what I do not have
that has not seen me the mouse is fucked
the raised that was there because
I could not and we have won it seems that
I 'm a goose, it's worth change
more has respawn changed and we go there today
we have 50 victories and we have won
done a shit starting done 4 kill
in your I five months and has done 8
support but good they have knocked us out of
the last ones I have been quite up
from my team's room and I 'm telling you
because space fails me I think that
from the game keyboard and nothing
tell you all again that if not
you want to download the game because I had it in
the description and you give me a little hand
without such
I love you all
all mine
bojan every day
yes yes yes yes I love you very much
all right
Yes Yes Yes Yes